cuprated: auto config docs (#418)
Cuprate/cuprate: books/user/src/config.md

- [OS specific directory](./resources/disk.md)

## `Cuprated.toml`
This is the default configuration file `cuprated` creates and uses.

If `cuprated` is started with no [`--options`](./cli.md), then the configuration used will be equivalent to this config file.

> > Some values may be different for your exact system, generate the config yourself to see the defaults for your system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Some values may be different for your exact system, generate the config with `cuprated --generate-config` to see the defaults for your system. 
```
